Support Remote Health docs fixes during ROSA review (#63644)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/disabling-insights-operator-alerts.adoc

[id="disabling-insights-operator-alerts_{context}"]
= Disabling Insights Operator alerts

ifndef::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]

> You can stop the Insights Operator from firing alerts to the cluster Prometheus instance by editing the `support` secret. The `support` secret does not exist by default and must be created when adding custom configurations for the first time. Configurations in the `support` secret override the defaults set in the `pod.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent the Insights Operator from sending alerts to the cluster Prometheus instance, you should edit the `support` secret. If the `support` secret doesn't exist, you must create it when you first add custom configurations. Note that configurations within the `support` secret take precedence over the default settings defined in the `pod.yaml` file.
```

endif::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]
ifndef::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]

> You can stop the Insights Operator from firing alerts to the cluster Prometheus instance by editing the `support` secret. The `support` secret is created by default. Configurations in the `support` secret override the defaults set in the `pod.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent the Insights Operator from sending alerts to the Prometheus instance of the cluster, you can edit the `support` secret. Note that this `secret` is created by default. The configurations stored in the support secret take precedence over any default settings specified in the `pod.yaml` file.
```

endif::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]

.Prerequisites

* Remote health reporting is enabled, which is the default.
ifndef::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]
* You are logged in to the {product-title} web console as `cluster-admin`.
endif::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]
* You are logged in to the {product-title} web console as a user with the `dedicated-admin` role.
endif::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]

.Procedure

. Navigate to *Workloads* -> *Secrets*.
. On the *Secrets* page, select *All Projects* from the *Project* list, and then set *Show default projects* to on.
. Select the *openshift-config* project from the *Projects* list.
. Search for the *support* secret by using the *Search by name* field. 
+
* If the secret exists:
. Click the *Options* menu {kebab}, and then click *Edit Secret*.
. Click *Add Key/Value*.
.. In the *Key* field, enter `disableInsightsAlerts`.
.. In the *Value* field, enter `True`.
+
* If the secret does not exist:
.. Click *Create* -> *Key/value secret*.

> .. In the *Secret name* field, enter `support`.
> .. In the *Key* field, enter `disableInsightsAlerts`.
> .. In the *Value* field, enter `True`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... In the *Secret name* field, enter `support`.
... In the *Key* field, enter `disableInsightsAlerts`.
... In the *Value* field, enter `True`.
```

[id="disabling-insights-operator-alerts_{context}"]
= Disabling Insights Operator alerts

> You can stop Insights Operator from firing alerts to the cluster Prometheus instance by editing the `support` secret. The `support` secret does not exist by default and must be created when adding custom configurations for the first time. Configurations in the `support` secret override the defaults set in the `pod.yaml` file.

Author: **NOTE TO SELF** This module not in 4.10, 4.11.
